Document the addition of `<Kokkos_Clamp.hpp>` and `<Kokkos_MinMax.hpp>` in 4.3 (#484)
kokkos/kokkos-core-wiki: docs/source/API/core/utilities/min_max_clamp.rst

|clamp|_   clamps a value between a pair of boundary values
========== ============================================================

Notes
-----

.. _KokkosClamp: https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/blob/4.3.00/core/src/Kokkos_Clamp.hpp

.. |KokkosClamp| replace:: ``<Kokkos_Clamp.hpp>``

.. _KokkosMinMax: https://github.com/kokkos/kokkos/blob/4.3.00/core/src/Kokkos_MinMax.hpp

.. |KokkosMinMax| replace:: ``<Kokkos_MinMax.hpp>``

> * Since version 4.3, one may include |KokkosClamp|_ and |KokkosMinMax|_ instead of ``<Kokkos_Core.hpp>``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Since version 4.3, one may include |KokkosClamp|_ and |KokkosMinMax|_ respectively to make these functions available.
```
